---
title: "News"
bg: purple
color: white
fa-icon: newspaper-o
---

**6/01/17**  
- A full link to tests, solutions and scores has been posted following the conclusion of the National Tournament. Information about next year's tournament will be posted in July. Sign up for updates <a href="http://princeton.us16.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=1903bb36508f1b6f6d2660648&id=5a2431c9e9" target="_blank">here</a>.

**2/18/17**  
- A full <a href="https://www.facebook.com/pg/princetonuniversityscioly/photos/?tab=album&album_id=258292677930754" target="_blank">picture album</a> from the tournament may be found on our Facebook page. Many thanks to the 100+ undergrads who volunteered both on the day and over the course of the year to help make our tournament possible!

**2/13/17**  
- A highlight <a href="https://ehs.princeton.edu/news/science-olympiad-comes-princeton" target="_blank"> article</a> was written about our tournament!

**2/06/17**  
- An electronic copy of the tests/keys was sent to coaches along with a <a href="https://goo.gl/forms/SpFkjp2uTKaoX9tZ2" target="_blank">feedback form</a> that we would like everyone to fill out. Your feedback is extremely important to us!  

**2/04/17**  
- Thanks to all for a fantastic tournament! Final results have been posted on the website and an email will be sent shortly.  

**1/23/17**  
- Required forms and day of/parking information was sent to coaches  

**1/12/17**  
- Registration is no longer open.

**1/06/17:**  
- Building event self-scheduling will be done through Avogadro. Instructions and the t-shirt preorder form have been sent to coaches.

**12/23/16:**  
- Welcome to JP Stevens High School (Team C-35)!

**12/21/16:**  
- Welcome to Harriton High School (Team C-34)!

**12/13/16:**  
- Competition schedule and team numbers sent via email and can be found <a href="{{ site.schedule_link }}" target="_blank">here</a>.

**12/05/16:**  
- 34 teams have registered! Confirmation emails were sent and a full event schedule will be posted by the end of the week. Spots remain even though registration officially closed on December 1st - teams are still free to register.

**1/01/16:**  
- Registration is open!